## Exercise 2.2

### 4 most important quality attributes:
1. Usability (Operability and UI aesthetics)
2. Portability (Adaptability)
3. Mainatainability (Modularity)
4. Reliability (Availability)

5. (Functional Suitability (Functional Completeness)) ???



### Quality goals and requirements
1. - Easy Task Creation
   - Easy Group Creation or Join
   - Easy Group Event Creation
   - Modern simplistic look, no unnecessary distractions

The students shall be able to create tasks, groups, and group events in an intuitive and fast way.
The software should offer a pleasing and satisying UI for students.

2. - OS independence
   - Hardware independence
   - Easily portable to desktop platform

The software should be usable as an OS-independent Web-App.
The software should be usable as an mobile app.
The addition of future GUI functions on Windows, Linux or macOS should be possible.

3. - Allow future extensions with external components (e.g. external learning platforms and institutional systems)

The software should have a modularic architecture.
The software should have well documented and tested APIs. 

4. - 24 hours, 7 days a week accessable data and services (tasks, messages, notes)

The students shall be able to use the software at any given time without functional constraints.
In case of a data server crash or app crash, the data should be recoverable.



### Implementation during development
The modularic architecture should be considered from the beginning of the development.
Also, the Web-App and the mobile app should be developed and tested in parallel, so they offer an equal amount of quality. Therefore, the quality attribute portability is given.

